BD-4695 Migrate CLIP Salesforce articles (#10061)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/administrative/access_braze/accessing_your_account.md

If your Braze dashboard says you have an unexpected error and your browser console tool shows the error `ReferenceError: structuredClone is not defined`, your browser is outdated. If this error keeps reoccurring, uninstall and reinstall your browser.

## Accessing multiple Braze dashboards

Braze doesn't allow you to register the same email address to multiple dashboard users in the same cluster (for example, if you have two dashboards on US-01). You can use the same email to create accounts on different clusters (for example, if you have one dashboard on US-01 and one on US-05). If you need to access multiple Braze dashboards in the same cluster, you can do the following:

### Use email aliases

If your email provider is gmail, you can create aliases by adding a "+" sign followed by any text to your email address. For example:

> - Original email: rocky@gmail.com

Reviewer: i _think_ i put backticks around all of the email address in this page, but you may need to double check 👍🏽

- Alias: rocky+1@gmail.com

Both email addresses will direct emails to the same inbox, but Braze will recognize them as separate accounts when you login.

### Create separate aliases with other providers

> If your email provider doesn't support "+" aliasing, you can still create separate aliases, such as rocky@braze.com aliasing for rocky.lotito@braze.com. This allows multiple addresses to funnel to the same inbox while being recognized as different emails by Braze.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your email provider doesn't support `+` aliasing, you can still create separate aliases, such as setting up `rocky@braze.com` to forward to `rocky.lotito@braze.com`. This allows multiple addresses to funnel to the same inbox while being recognized as different emails by Braze.
```
